source/content/posts/120630-thoughts-on-some-destinations.rst, before:

Thoughts On Some Destinations
=============================

:category: post
:post_type: opinion
:date: 2012-06-30
:slug: thoughts-on-some-destinations

I originally began writing posts for every city I planned to visit but
halfway through I felt like I got out of the exercise what I wanted. These 
are the condensed and cleaned up versions of the original posts by city.

Charlottesville, Virginia
-------------------------
I lived in Charlottesville, VA from 2007-09. Charlottesville's distance 
between DC and Charlotte makes it a good spot to spend a couple of days before 
heading South. Charlottesville is one of those small towns that really grows 
on you. Most UVA grads have a high opinion of Cville as a great location
to be both during and after school.

.. image:: ../img/charlottesville-va-2.jpg
  :alt: Charlottesville Downtown Mall looking at the ampitheatre
  :width: 100%

----

Starting in Charlottesville will give me a couple of days to start my trip
on the right foot. I can talk to some new people, take a lot of pictures,
and make sure I'm really ready to hit the road.


Charlotte, North Carolina
-------------------------
Charlotte, North Carolina is the first destination on my trip outside of
Washington, DC. Charlotte is approximately 400 miles from DC (about 7 hours)
and several people I know have moved to Charlotte to escape the 
government-centric DC area for careers focused on commercial business.
Charlotte is also the largest city in North Carolina, and the second largest 
banking center in the US. This is a summary of my pre-research reasons 
for why I'm traveling to Charlotte.

I read a lot of `Hacker News <http://news.ycombinator.com/>`_ which biases
my opinions towards small start ups and against large firms. Charlotte may
provide a grounding in what many US cities consider technology to be useful
for. Tech can be a support function for an industries that were around long
before the term "computer" was used to describe a machine.

I am unaware in my limited knowledge of any start up companies coming out
of North Carolina. Is there a culture there that support risk-taking? If
you try to start a venture or join a small company that fails, is there a
stigma attached to that failure?

It appears that the financial industry heavily impacts the tech culture in
Charlotte. Financial institutions are notoriously large, bureaucratic
organizations with many policies, procedures, and controls in place designed
(but not always successful) for protecting customers' investments. How does
that impact the tech scene in Charlotte, NC?


New Orleans, Louisiana
----------------------
New Orleans has a strong, unique city culture. I previously traveled to 
New Orleans in 2010 although I was there for only a few short days. I have 
a couple of reasons for returning and making New Orleans the fifth destination
on my trip.

.. image:: ../img/new-orleans-la-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Aerial view of New Orleans

----

First, one of the `Excella Consulting <http://www.excella.com/>`_ founding
partners, Burton White, is from 
New Orleans. He told me about some of the most recent efforts by the state
to create tax breaks for innovative companies to start and come to the area.
I'm interested to see if that type of local government involved has positively
impacted the area.

Second, I only had a few days to explore the French Quarter during the day
and at night. My experience in the city is really limited. I want to expand
my view of the city into other parts such as St. Charles Ave. The combination
of gaining further insight into the technology of the city plus the 
interesting destinations in the area are an appealing mix.


Memphis, Tennessee
------------------
Several of my DC friends previously lived in Memphis and recommended that
I visit the city while I am travelling through Tennessee. There's great
BBQ, high recommendations for 
`Beale Street <http://www.bealestreet.com/wordpress/>`_, and a different 
Midwestern culture that an East Coast kid like me should find interesting.  
Memphis is only three and a half hours from my previous stop in Nashville. 
Plus it takes me further Southwest towards my next destination, New Orleans. 

So a combination of convenience and interest combine to make Memphis stop #4.

.. image:: ../img/memphis-tn-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: They take their barbeque seriously in Memphis, TN

----

Nashville appears to have the most momentum in the state for establishing
a start up scene. But there are some interesting pieces to technology start
ups in Memphis as well. `Start Up Memphis <http://startupmemphis.com/>`_ has
interesting, up to date articles on companies in the area. 
`Launchpad Memphis <http://www.launchmemphis.com/launchpad/>`_ is a coworking
space for start ups and hosts some of the 
`Memphis Python (MemPy) <http://mempy.org/>`_ meet ups.

However, it's been difficult finding out exactly what start ups are in
Memphis, particularly ones using Python. More digging is necessary in this
area.


Austin, Texas
-------------
Austin was the first city I put on the map during my road trip planning.
I knew there was no way I was going to skip it or just spend a couple of days
there. Nothing less than a full week will suffice. In fact, much of my early
planning and building of this website was done while visiting Austin for a
week in June 2012.

I've been to Austin three times previously. Every time has been amazing and
in different ways. There's something about the friendly culture, somewhat
liberal attitude mixed with hipster weirdness and technology start ups that
I find tremendously appealing. Plus Austin has some of the best bars anywhere
with 4th & 6th Streets. Weather is perfect since I prefer hot summer days 
to cold dark winter nights.

I considered moving to Austin a few years ago but I nixed the idea since
it is so far from my East Coast roots. I decided instead to visit as often
as possible, but ultimately that just may not be enough for me once I finish
up my fourth trip there. Regardless, it's a great city and there was no
question it would be part of my trip.

.. image:: ../img/austin-tx-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: View of Austin, TX

----

Austin has a great tech scene. It's the home of the 
`South by Southwest <http://sxsw.com/>`_ conference in March every year. 
Austin is often ranked highly on 
`lists of best places to launch a tech start up <http://www.usatoday.com/tech/columnist/talkingtech/story/2012-08-22/top-tech-startup-cities/57220670/1>`_ 
along with San Francisco, Seattle, Boulder, New York, and Boston. The 
growth of Dell Computers in the late 80s and 90s helped the city to 
establish its silicon credentials. 

Current growing technology companies with an office in Austin include 
Facebook, Google, NVidia, Indeed.com, Rackspace, and Zynga. University 
of Texas is located in the heart of Austin and is at the forefront of many 
areas in computer science and related disciplines. Smaller start ups 
include The Daily Dot, Evernote, RightScale.

There's a lot of technology work in Austin. It's the first destination that
people who comment on my trip say "oh, that makes sense if you want to learn
more about technology across the country."


Lubbock, Texas
--------------
Lubbock is home to the Red Raiders of Texas Tech University and is about
seven hours Northwest of Austin, Texas. Lubbock will be the seventh city
I visit during Coding Across America. This stop begins the leg of my trip
that will take me to some remote place in the Southwest United States, 
including Los Alamos, Moab, and Flagstaff.

It will be difficult to find technology-related ventures in Lubbock outside of 
Texas Tech University. An Indeed.com search for Django and Ruby on Rails 
turned up... nothing. Ditto for tech meetups. But in lieu of other software
developers to talk to, I'm looking forward to spending some time here in
an area of the United States I would otherwise be unlikely to visit. It's
also a great excuse to get plenty of time for heads-down coding.

.. image:: ../img/lubbock-tx-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Just South of Lubbock, TX

----

Not much here with regards to startup culture from what I can find. I'll 
have to do further digging to see if Texas Tech University sponsors any 
type of incubator or entrepreurship classes.


Los Alamos, New Mexico
----------------------
Los Alamos, New Mexico is another one of those destinations that leaves
people wondering "what does that have to do with tech"? It is definitely
not a town that people associate with startups like Palo Alto, Seattle, 
Boulder, or Austin. Still there is a lot of advanced research going on here
although it's not well publicized outside of academic circles. Some of the
work is classified as well. Despite my Top Secret security clearance,
I'm unfortunately not going to get to see the cool classified work going 
on in 
`Los Alamos National Laboratory <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory>`_.

It's likely most of my time here will be spent outdoors or in small town
getting some solid coding time in.

.. image:: ../img/los-alamos-nm-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Sky Crane burns behind Los Alamos, New Mexico

----

Sky Crane burns behind Los Alamos, New Mexico's airport.

Moab, Utah
----------
I added Moab to my list of destinations after a couple of enthusiastic
recommendations from people I randomly met. Moab looks amazing from photos
but apparently none of them do it justice. "You have to see it in person"
I'm told. So with that Moab will be destination number nine.

.. image:: ../img/moab-ut-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Canyon Lands National Park - Moab, Utah

----

I expect that this will be the third stop in the leg of my trip that takes
me out of the tech scene and lets me focus primarily on developing my own
software.

San Diego, California
---------------------
San Diego was a late addition to my slate of destinations. I added San Diego
for a couple of reasons. First, I ran into an old friend in DC who was 
back in town visiting from San Diego. She loves living in San Diego, 
asked me "why not visit?" and I didn't have a good answer for why I 
wasn't going. So that got me started thinking about it. Second, my 
brother hung out in San Diego for a few days when he drove across the 
country and he said it was amazing.

Plus no trip up the West Coast would seem complete unless I went the almost
full length from San Diego to Seattle. San Diego is destination number
eleven during Coding Across America.

.. image:: ../img/san-diego-ca-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Port of San Diego with the city in the background

----


This is where my Coding Across America trip puts the focus back on technology,
meet ups, and start ups. San Diego has a pretty good tech scene. There's quite
a `bit of venture funding here <http://www.xconomy.com/san-diego/2012/07/20/san-diego-startups-raise-over-300m-from-vcs-in-second-quarter/>`_
and more start ups than I have time to talk with. This should be an exciting
location to visit.


Los Angeles, California
-----------------------
I have never been to Los Angeles before. The stories I hear about LA's 
massive traffic jams and major suburban sprawl remind me of Northern 
Virginia - only worse. A trip up the West Coast just wouldn't seem complete
though without a stop in LA. And it'll a comparison point for what I see
in San Diego, San Francisco, and Seattle's start up scenes. 

Los Angeles is stop number twelve out of the thirty cities I am visiting.

.. image:: ../img/los-angeles-ca-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Los Angeles at night from Griffith Observatory

----

I found the `Los Angeles Startups twitter account <https://twitter.com/LA_Startups>`_ really useful for learning about companies in the city. There are
many small companies here which is expected for a city with almost 13 million
people in the metro area. 

What I'll find interesting is whether being close to San Francisco helps 
or hurts entrepreneurship. On one hand, I'm sure
some people move back and forth between California cities which helps
spread ideas about technology and innovation. On the other hand, if you're
serious about starting a company, maybe people just up and move to San
Francisco / Palo Alto. Perhaps a third variable, such as the major 
prescence of the movie industry, impacts the startup landscape in a 
more dramatic way than proximity to other California cities. This situation
needs more research before I take off on the road.


San Francisco, California
-------------------------
Why not San Francisco? Technically this stop is a combination of 
the areas in and around San Francisco, Palo Alto, and San Jose. There are
so many interesting start ups, venture capital firms, and technology
meetups it's difficult to know where to start.

.. image:: ../img/san-francisco-ca-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: San Francisco skyline at dusk

----

I've never been to San Francisco (or CA before this trip). These will
be ten very busy days talking to companies, other software developers,
and going to tech meetups, as well as exploring the area.



Photo Attributions
------------------
* `Charlottesville Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/small_realm/6370977289/>`_

* `New Orleans Flickr Createive Commons Licensee <http://www.flickr.com/photos/84263554@N00/400064521/>`_

* `Memphis Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/paparutzi/52677265/>`_

* `Austin Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/stuseeger/4895843907/>`_

* `Lubbock Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/imagesbywestfall/3423388821/>`_

* `Los Alamost Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/ethanfrogget/5968569467/>`_

* `Moab Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/dfb_photos/6193076965/>`_

* `San Diego Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/portofsandiego/5495014146/>`_

* `Los Angeles Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/39214918@N03/4451675186/>`_

* `San Francisco Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/fritography/4523813603/>`_

Commit message:

adding new blog post with interview with andrew baker

source/content/posts/120630-thoughts-on-some-destinations.rst, after:

Thoughts On Some Destinations
=============================

:category: post
:post_type: opinion
:date: 2012-06-30
:slug: thoughts-on-some-destinations

I originally began writing posts for every city I planned to visit but
halfway through I felt like I got out of the exercise what I wanted. These 
are the condensed and cleaned up versions of the original posts by city.
Some of the posts are quick summaries of why I wanted to visit there
while others get more into what I know and want to find out about the
software development scenes there.

The cities included in this post are Charlottesville, Charlotte, New Orleans, 
Memphis, Austin, Lubbock, Los Alamos, Moab, San Diego, Los Angeles, and 
San Francisco.

Charlottesville, Virginia
-------------------------
I lived in Charlottesville, VA from 2007-09. Charlottesville's distance 
between DC and Charlotte makes it a good spot to spend a couple of days before 
heading South. Charlottesville is one of those small towns that really grows 
on you. Most UVA grads have a high opinion of Cville as a great location
to be both during and after school.

.. image:: ../img/charlottesville-va-2.jpg
  :alt: Charlottesville Downtown Mall looking at the ampitheatre
  :width: 100%

----

Starting in Charlottesville will give me a couple of days to start my trip
on the right foot. I can talk to some new people, take a lot of pictures,
and make sure I'm really ready to hit the road.


Charlotte, North Carolina
-------------------------
Charlotte, North Carolina is the first destination on my trip outside of
Washington, DC. Charlotte is approximately 400 miles from DC (about 7 hours)
and several people I know have moved to Charlotte to escape the 
government-centric DC area for careers focused on commercial business.
Charlotte is also the largest city in North Carolina, and the second largest 
banking center in the US. This is a summary of my pre-research reasons 
for why I'm traveling to Charlotte.

I read a lot of `Hacker News <http://news.ycombinator.com/>`_ which biases
my opinions towards small start ups and against large firms. Charlotte may
provide a grounding in what many US cities consider technology to be useful
for. Tech can be a support function for an industries that were around long
before the term "computer" was used to describe a machine.

I am unaware in my limited knowledge of any start up companies coming out
of North Carolina. Is there a culture there that support risk-taking? If
you try to start a venture or join a small company that fails, is there a
stigma attached to that failure?

It appears that the financial industry heavily impacts the tech culture in
Charlotte. Financial institutions are notoriously large, bureaucratic
organizations with many policies, procedures, and controls in place designed
(but not always successful) for protecting customers' investments. How does
that impact the tech scene in Charlotte, NC?


New Orleans, Louisiana
----------------------
New Orleans has a strong, unique city culture. I previously traveled to 
New Orleans in 2010 although I was there for only a few short days. I have 
a couple of reasons for returning and making New Orleans the fifth destination
on my trip.

.. image:: ../img/new-orleans-la-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Aerial view of New Orleans

----

First, one of the `Excella Consulting <http://www.excella.com/>`_ founding
partners, Burton White, is from 
New Orleans. He told me about some of the most recent efforts by the state
to create tax breaks for innovative companies to start and come to the area.
I'm interested to see if that type of local government involved has positively
impacted the area.

Second, I only had a few days to explore the French Quarter during the day
and at night. My experience in the city is really limited. I want to expand
my view of the city into other parts such as St. Charles Ave. The combination
of gaining further insight into the technology of the city plus the 
interesting destinations in the area are an appealing mix.


Memphis, Tennessee
------------------
Several of my DC friends previously lived in Memphis and recommended that
I visit the city while I am travelling through Tennessee. There's great
BBQ, high recommendations for 
`Beale Street <http://www.bealestreet.com/wordpress/>`_, and a different 
Midwestern culture that an East Coast kid like me should find interesting.  
Memphis is only three and a half hours from my previous stop in Nashville. 
Plus it takes me further Southwest towards my next destination, New Orleans. 

So a combination of convenience and interest combine to make Memphis stop #4.

.. image:: ../img/memphis-tn-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: They take their barbeque seriously in Memphis, TN

----

Nashville appears to have the most momentum in the state for establishing
a start up scene. But there are some interesting pieces to technology start
ups in Memphis as well. `Start Up Memphis <http://startupmemphis.com/>`_ has
interesting, up to date articles on companies in the area. 
`Launchpad Memphis <http://www.launchmemphis.com/launchpad/>`_ is a coworking
space for start ups and hosts some of the 
`Memphis Python (MemPy) <http://mempy.org/>`_ meet ups.

However, it's been difficult finding out exactly what start ups are in
Memphis, particularly ones using Python. More digging is necessary in this
area.


Austin, Texas
-------------
Austin was the first city I put on the map during my road trip planning.
I knew there was no way I was going to skip it or just spend a couple of days
there. Nothing less than a full week will suffice. In fact, much of my early
planning and building of this website was done while visiting Austin for a
week in June 2012.

I've been to Austin three times previously. Every time has been amazing and
in different ways. There's something about the friendly culture, somewhat
liberal attitude mixed with hipster weirdness and technology start ups that
I find tremendously appealing. Plus Austin has some of the best bars anywhere
with 4th & 6th Streets. Weather is perfect since I prefer hot summer days 
to cold dark winter nights.

I considered moving to Austin a few years ago but I nixed the idea since
it is so far from my East Coast roots. I decided instead to visit as often
as possible, but ultimately that just may not be enough for me once I finish
up my fourth trip there. Regardless, it's a great city and there was no
question it would be part of my trip.

.. image:: ../img/austin-tx-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: View of Austin, TX

----

Austin has a great tech scene. It's the home of the 
`South by Southwest <http://sxsw.com/>`_ conference in March every year. 
Austin is often ranked highly on 
`lists of best places to launch a tech start up <http://www.usatoday.com/tech/columnist/talkingtech/story/2012-08-22/top-tech-startup-cities/57220670/1>`_ 
along with San Francisco, Seattle, Boulder, New York, and Boston. The 
growth of Dell Computers in the late 80s and 90s helped the city to 
establish its silicon credentials. 

Current growing technology companies with an office in Austin include 
Facebook, Google, NVidia, Indeed.com, Rackspace, and Zynga. University 
of Texas is located in the heart of Austin and is at the forefront of many 
areas in computer science and related disciplines. Smaller start ups 
include The Daily Dot, Evernote, RightScale.

There's a lot of technology work in Austin. It's the first destination that
people who comment on my trip say "oh, that makes sense if you want to learn
more about technology across the country."


Lubbock, Texas
--------------
Lubbock is home to the Red Raiders of Texas Tech University and is about
seven hours Northwest of Austin, Texas. Lubbock will be the seventh city
I visit during Coding Across America. This stop begins the leg of my trip
that will take me to some remote place in the Southwest United States, 
including Los Alamos, Moab, and Flagstaff.

It will be difficult to find technology-related ventures in Lubbock outside of 
Texas Tech University. An Indeed.com search for Django and Ruby on Rails 
turned up... nothing. Ditto for tech meetups. But in lieu of other software
developers to talk to, I'm looking forward to spending some time here in
an area of the United States I would otherwise be unlikely to visit. It's
also a great excuse to get plenty of time for heads-down coding.

.. image:: ../img/lubbock-tx-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Just South of Lubbock, TX

----

Not much here with regards to startup culture from what I can find. I'll 
have to do further digging to see if Texas Tech University sponsors any 
type of incubator or entrepreurship classes.


Los Alamos, New Mexico
----------------------
Los Alamos, New Mexico is another one of those destinations that leaves
people wondering "what does that have to do with tech"? It is definitely
not a town that people associate with startups like Palo Alto, Seattle, 
Boulder, or Austin. Still there is a lot of advanced research going on here
although it's not well publicized outside of academic circles. Some of the
work is classified as well. Despite my Top Secret security clearance,
I'm unfortunately not going to get to see the cool classified work going 
on in 
`Los Alamos National Laboratory <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory>`_.

It's likely most of my time here will be spent outdoors or in small town
getting some solid coding time in.

.. image:: ../img/los-alamos-nm-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Sky Crane burns behind Los Alamos, New Mexico

----

Sky Crane burns behind Los Alamos, New Mexico's airport.

Moab, Utah
----------
I added Moab to my list of destinations after a couple of enthusiastic
recommendations from people I randomly met. Moab looks amazing from photos
but apparently none of them do it justice. "You have to see it in person"
I'm told. So with that Moab will be destination number nine.

.. image:: ../img/moab-ut-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Canyon Lands National Park - Moab, Utah

----

I expect that this will be the third stop in the leg of my trip that takes
me out of the tech scene and lets me focus primarily on developing my own
software.

San Diego, California
---------------------
San Diego was a late addition to my slate of destinations. I added San Diego
for a couple of reasons. First, I ran into an old friend in DC who was 
back in town visiting from San Diego. She loves living in San Diego, 
asked me "why not visit?" and I didn't have a good answer for why I 
wasn't going. So that got me started thinking about it. Second, my 
brother hung out in San Diego for a few days when he drove across the 
country and he said it was amazing.

Plus no trip up the West Coast would seem complete unless I went the almost
full length from San Diego to Seattle. San Diego is destination number
eleven during Coding Across America.

.. image:: ../img/san-diego-ca-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Port of San Diego with the city in the background

----


This is where my Coding Across America trip puts the focus back on technology,
meet ups, and start ups. San Diego has a pretty good tech scene. There's quite
a `bit of venture funding here <http://www.xconomy.com/san-diego/2012/07/20/san-diego-startups-raise-over-300m-from-vcs-in-second-quarter/>`_
and more start ups than I have time to talk with. This should be an exciting
location to visit.


Los Angeles, California
-----------------------
I have never been to Los Angeles before. The stories I hear about LA's 
massive traffic jams and major suburban sprawl remind me of Northern 
Virginia - only worse. A trip up the West Coast just wouldn't seem complete
though without a stop in LA. And it'll a comparison point for what I see
in San Diego, San Francisco, and Seattle's start up scenes. 

Los Angeles is stop number twelve out of the thirty cities I am visiting.

.. image:: ../img/los-angeles-ca-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Los Angeles at night from Griffith Observatory

----

I found the `Los Angeles Startups twitter account <https://twitter.com/LA_Startups>`_ really useful for learning about companies in the city. There are
many small companies here which is expected for a city with almost 13 million
people in the metro area. 

What I'll find interesting is whether being close to San Francisco helps 
or hurts entrepreneurship. On one hand, I'm sure
some people move back and forth between California cities which helps
spread ideas about technology and innovation. On the other hand, if you're
serious about starting a company, maybe people just up and move to San
Francisco / Palo Alto. Perhaps a third variable, such as the major 
prescence of the movie industry, impacts the startup landscape in a 
more dramatic way than proximity to other California cities. This situation
needs more research before I take off on the road.


San Francisco, California
-------------------------
Why not San Francisco? Technically this stop is a combination of 
the areas in and around San Francisco, Palo Alto, and San Jose. There are
so many interesting start ups, venture capital firms, and technology
meetups it's difficult to know where to start.

.. image:: ../img/san-francisco-ca-2.jpg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: San Francisco skyline at dusk

----

I've never been to San Francisco (or CA before this trip). These will
be ten very busy days talking to companies, other software developers,
and going to tech meetups, as well as exploring the area.



Photo Attributions
------------------
* `Charlottesville Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/small_realm/6370977289/>`_

* `New Orleans Flickr Createive Commons Licensee <http://www.flickr.com/photos/84263554@N00/400064521/>`_

* `Memphis Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/paparutzi/52677265/>`_

* `Austin Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/stuseeger/4895843907/>`_

* `Lubbock Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/imagesbywestfall/3423388821/>`_

* `Los Alamost Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/ethanfrogget/5968569467/>`_

* `Moab Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/dfb_photos/6193076965/>`_

* `San Diego Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/portofsandiego/5495014146/>`_

* `Los Angeles Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/39214918@N03/4451675186/>`_

* `San Francisco Flickr Creative Commons License <http://www.flickr.com/photos/fritography/4523813603/>`_
