source/content/posts/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches.rst, before:

NOEW 4.0 Schools' Companies Pitches
===================================

:category: post
:date: 2013-03-21
:slug: noew-4pt0-schools-companies-pitches


This afternoon was pitch day for six companies in the 4.0Schools incubator.
Matt Chandler provided a great introduction for why these companies matter
to the learning community. 

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/matt-chandler-4pt0schools.jpg
  :alt: Matt Chandler, the founder of 4.0Schools, introducing the pitch session

Matt Chandler, founder of 4.0Schools, introducing the pitch session.

----

These are quick summaries of the problems the companies aim to solve and 
their revenue models. Founders, if you want me to add a note from any of you
to any of these summaries, please tweet @makaimc or email me at 
matthew.makai@gmail.com.



Haystack.edu
------------
Haystack.edu is an online platform built to solve the problem of teachers not
being properly matched up with schools. The problem of mismatch between the
teacher and the school is hypothesized as the primary reason teachers leave
the profession. The company uses partnerships with Teach for America to
draw teachers to the website. The revenue model is for schools to pay for
teacher placements or an annual subscription fee.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/haystackedu-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of Haystack.edu 

The founder of Haystack.edu, pitching his startup.

----


Overgrad
--------
Overgrad is a web platform built to solve the problem of students not 
applying to colleges that are the best fit for them. The platform creates 
connections creates connections between high school students with colleges.
The site monetizes by charging universities for student leads. The site
is launched at four high schools and has a university as its first
customer.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/overgrad-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of Overgrad, Ryan Hoch pitching at NOEW 2013.

Ryan Hock, the founder of Overgrad pitching his startup.

----


enrichED Schools
----------------
enrichED is an online website for schools to obtain high quality substitute 
teachers. The company aims to eliminate wasted student learning days due to
underqualified substitute teachers. The revenue model is a pay-per-use model 
with an annual subscription fee for access to the site.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/enriched-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of Overgrad, Andre Feigler pitching at NOEW 2013.

The founder of enrichED, Andre Feigler, pitching her startup.

----


read nimble
-----------
read nimble is an online product that solves the problem of a lack of 
information and alignment on reading and common core standards, which are 
currently in use in 46 of 50 states. The site uses close reading to enable
student learning. The revenue model is unclear as the product has not yet 
launched.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/read-nimble-pitch.jpg
  :alt: The founders of read nimble, pitching their startup.

The founders of read nimble, pitching their startup.

----


mSchool
-------
mSchool (micro school) helps local community centers open accredited 
classrooms with technology that combines multiple adaptive personalization 
learning software. The software solves the problem of (mostly underprivileged)
students being dramatically behind their peers in other communities from a
grade level standpoint. The revenue model is to obtain state funds as 
accredited institutions to pay for the services provided.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/mschool-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of Overgrad, Ryan Hoch pitching at NOEW 2013.

Elliot Sanchez, the founder of mSchool, pitching his startup.

----


imagiLabs
---------
imagiLabs provides a product to combine exploration and educational content
through a virtual story and creation of physical objects. The revenue model 
is to sell and then send the pieces of the physical product to parents for 
their children to use.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/imagilabs-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of imagiLabs, pitching his startup.

Founder of imagiLabs, pitching his startup.

Commit message:

Updating with post on noew 2013 4.0schools pitch.

source/content/posts/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches.rst, after:

NOEW 4.0 Schools' Companies Pitches
===================================

:category: post
:date: 2013-03-21
:slug: noew-4pt0-schools-companies-pitches


This afternoon was pitch day for six companies in the 4.0Schools incubator.
Matt Chandler provided a great introduction for why these companies matter
to the learning community. 

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/matt-chandler-4pt0schools.jpg
  :alt: Matt Chandler, the founder of 4.0Schools, introducing the pitch session

Matt Chandler, founder of 4.0Schools, introducing the pitch session.

----

These are quick summaries of the problems the companies aim to solve and 
their revenue models. Founders, if you want me to add a note from any of you
to any of these summaries, please tweet @makaimc or email me at 
matthew.makai@gmail.com.



Haystack EDU
------------
Haystack EDU is an online platform built to solve the problem of teachers not
being properly matched up with schools. The problem of mismatch between the
teacher and the school is hypothesized as the primary reason teachers leave
the profession. The company uses partnerships with Teach for America to
draw teachers to the website. The revenue model is for schools to pay for
teacher placements or an annual subscription fee.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/haystackedu-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of Haystack EDU

The founder of Haystack EDU, pitching his startup.

----


Overgrad
--------
`Overgrad <https://www.overgrad.com/>`_ is a web platform built to solve the 
problem of students not 
applying to colleges that are the best fit for them. The platform creates 
connections creates connections between high school students with colleges.
The site monetizes by charging universities for student leads. The site
is launched at four high schools and has a university as its first
customer.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/overgrad-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of Overgrad, Ryan Hoch pitching at NOEW 2013.

Ryan Hock, the founder of Overgrad pitching his startup.

----


enrichED
--------
`enrichED <http://enrichedschools.com/>`_ is an online website for schools 
to obtain high quality substitute 
teachers. The company aims to eliminate wasted student learning days due to
underqualified substitute teachers. The revenue model is a pay-per-use model 
with an annual subscription fee for access to the site.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/enriched-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of Overgrad, Andre Feigler pitching at NOEW 2013.

The founder of enrichED, Andre Feigler, pitching her startup.

----


read nimble
-----------
read nimble is an online product that solves the problem of a lack of 
information and alignment on reading and common core standards, which are 
currently in use in 46 of 50 states. The site uses close reading to enable
student learning. The revenue model is unclear as the product has not yet 
launched.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/read-nimble-pitch.jpg
  :alt: The founders of read nimble, pitching their startup.

The founders of read nimble, pitching their startup.

----


mSchool
-------
`mSchool <http://mschools.org/>`_ (micro school) helps local community 
centers open accredited 
classrooms with technology that combines multiple adaptive personalization 
learning software. The software solves the problem of (mostly underprivileged)
students being dramatically behind their peers in other communities from a
grade level standpoint. The revenue model is to obtain state funds as 
accredited institutions to pay for the services provided.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/mschool-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of Overgrad, Ryan Hoch pitching at NOEW 2013.

Elliot Sanchez, the founder of mSchool, pitching his startup.

----


imagiLabs
---------
imagiLabs provides a product to combine exploration and educational content
through a virtual story and creation of physical objects. The revenue model 
is to sell and then send the pieces of the physical product to parents for 
their children to use.

.. image:: ../img/130321-noew-4pt0schools-pitches/imagilabs-pitch.jpg
  :alt: Founder of imagiLabs, pitching his startup.

Founder of imagiLabs, pitching his startup.  


The winner of the event was mSchool, who received a $25,000 prize. 
Haystack.edu was second, with a $5000 award.
