source/content/posts/130323-new-orleans-entrepreneurship.rst, before:

Plug In To New Orleans' Growing Entrepreneurship Scene
======================================================

:category: post
:date: 2013-03-23
:slug: how-to-plug-into-growing-new-orleans-entrepreneurship-scene


I just spent the past week in New Orleans (NOLA) at IdeaVillage's 
`New Orleans Entrepreneurship Week <http://www.noew.org/>`_ (NOEW). This is
only my `third city of thirty <../about.html>`_ over the next five months so I
can't yet draw any big picture conclusions. However, it feels like
something special going on down here in "Silicon Bayou". Here's how you
can plug into the growing entrepreneurship and tech scene. 


News and Who To Know
--------------------
* `Silicon Bayou News <http://siliconbayounews.com/>`_. Reach out to 
  `Julia Ballard <http://siliconbayounews.com/author/juliaballard/>`_ 
  (@juliaballard). Julia covered the major events at NOEW and writes
  extensively about the NOLA scene.

* `IdeaVillage on Twitter <https://twitter.com/IdeaVillage>`_ (@IdeaVillage).
  IdeaVillage put on New Orleans Entrepreneurship Week and has extensive
  reach throughout the community. Get in touch with
  `Tim Williamson <http://ideavillage.org/entity/tim_williamson>`_, 
  `Sara Thomas <http://ideavillage.org/entity/sara_thomas>`_,
  or someone on their `team <http://ideavillage.org/who_we_are/leadership/>`_.

* `4.0 Schools <http://4pt0.org/>`_. Design thinking for the nexus of 
  education startups in the area working with the extensive network of
  NOLA charter schools and Teach for America alums. Contact
  `Matt Candler <http://4pt0.org/our-team#matt>`_ (@mcandler), founder of
  4.0 Schools. 4.0 Schools also has an 
  `open couch <../4pt0schools-coder-couch-nola.html>`_ for technical
  folks to drop in and work from.

* `Launch Pad New Orleans <http://lp.co/>`_. There's a hub of interesting
  companies in the building on Magazine Street.


Sampling of Local Software Companies
------------------------------------
* `audiosocket <https://www.audiosocket.com/>`_
* `ChapterSpot <http://www.chapterspot.com/>`_
* `Kickboard <http://www.kickboardforteachers.com/>`_
* `mSchool <http://www.mschools.org>`_
* `enrichED <http://www.enrichedschools.com>`_


What NOLA Needs
---------------
There are not enough talented technical people in NOLA. Technical co-founders 
and software developers are very difficult to find here. One YCombinator alum,
Kumar Thangudu, who just moved to New Orleans said "tech folks down here are 
treated like gods."

Commit message:

Updating blog post with a picture from NOEW.

source/content/posts/130323-new-orleans-entrepreneurship.rst, after:

Plug In To New Orleans' Growing Entrepreneurship Scene
======================================================

:category: post
:date: 2013-03-23
:slug: how-to-plug-into-growing-new-orleans-entrepreneurship-scene


I just spent the past week in New Orleans (NOLA) at IdeaVillage's 
`New Orleans Entrepreneurship Week <http://www.noew.org/>`_ (NOEW). This is
only my `third city of thirty <../about.html>`_ over the next five months so I
can't yet draw any big picture conclusions. However, it feels like
something special going on down here in "Silicon Bayou". Here's how you
can plug into the growing entrepreneurship and tech scene. 

.. image:: ../img/130323-plug-in-to-nola-entrepreneurship/noew-judges-panel.jpg
  :alt: Judges panel at NOEW

NOEW Judges' panel, including investor 
`Jim Coulter <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Coulter_(financier)>`_ 
and `Archie Manning <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archie_Manning>`_, 
asking questions of three entrepreneurs who pitched that afternoon.

----


News and Who To Know
--------------------
* `Silicon Bayou News <http://siliconbayounews.com/>`_. Reach out to 
  `Julia Ballard <http://siliconbayounews.com/author/juliaballard/>`_ 
  (@juliaballard). Julia covered the major events at NOEW and writes
  extensively about the NOLA scene.

* `IdeaVillage on Twitter <https://twitter.com/IdeaVillage>`_ (@IdeaVillage).
  IdeaVillage put on New Orleans Entrepreneurship Week and has extensive
  reach throughout the community. Get in touch with
  `Tim Williamson <http://ideavillage.org/entity/tim_williamson>`_, 
  `Sara Thomas <http://ideavillage.org/entity/sara_thomas>`_,
  or someone on their `team <http://ideavillage.org/who_we_are/leadership/>`_.

* `4.0 Schools <http://4pt0.org/>`_. Design thinking for the nexus of 
  education startups in the area working with the extensive network of
  NOLA charter schools and Teach for America alums. Contact
  `Matt Candler <http://4pt0.org/our-team#matt>`_ (@mcandler), founder of
  4.0 Schools. 4.0 Schools also has an 
  `open couch <../4pt0schools-coder-couch-nola.html>`_ for technical
  folks to drop in and work from.

* `Launch Pad New Orleans <http://lp.co/>`_. There's a hub of interesting
  companies in the building on Magazine Street.


Sampling of Local Software Companies
------------------------------------
* `audiosocket <https://www.audiosocket.com/>`_
* `ChapterSpot <http://www.chapterspot.com/>`_
* `Kickboard <http://www.kickboardforteachers.com/>`_
* `mSchool <http://www.mschools.org>`_
* `enrichED <http://www.enrichedschools.com>`_


What NOLA Needs
---------------
There are not enough talented technical people in NOLA. Technical co-founders 
and software developers are very difficult to find here. One YCombinator alum,
Kumar Thangudu, who just moved to New Orleans said "tech folks down here are 
treated like gods."
