source/content/posts/130310-prospective-organizations.rst, before:

To Prospective Organizations
============================

:category: post
:slug: to-prospective-organizations
:date: 2013-03-10


You've received an email from me asking if we can meet at your office or 
go out for lunch so that I can tell your story about solving interesting 
problems with software. This post attempts to answer some of the initial 
questions that may immediately come up on your side. 

After reading through this post I am sure you will have further questions. 
When you reach that point please email me with those additional questions at
matthew.makai@gmail.com. I will update this post throughout my trip with 
the most frequently asked questions. 


What is Coding Across America?
------------------------------
Coding Across America is a five month road trip from March until August 2013
to tell stories about people solving problems using software. I am
traveling to thirty cities to meet with people in both large and small 
organizations.


Who Have You Already Met With?
------------------------------
I've already written up several companies:

1. `HumanGeo <../human-geo-washington-dc.html>`_
2. `WiserTogether <../wisertogether-washington-dc.html>`_
3. `Uppidy <../uppidy-washington-dc.html>`_
4. `AgilityFeat <../agilityfeat-charlottesville-va.html>`_
5. `WillowTree Apps <../willowtree-apps-charlottesville-va.html>`_

I am working on posts for 
`mSchool <http://www.mschools.org/>`_, `4.0 Schools <http://4pt0.org/>`_,
and `Work for Pie <https://workforpie.com/>`_ with many more posts within 
the coming weeks.


Why Participate?
----------------
Holding up individuals doing amazing work everywhere in the United States
can inspire others. Most of the technology press focuses on what happens
in Silicon Valley, but there are fascinating stories in every city - yours
included. 

For about an hour of your time I can gather enough information and
tell your story. It's good press for your organization and your city, 
especially as this blog gains momentum as I travel through the thirty 
planned destinations.


What Questions Are Asked?
-------------------------
There are several questions I ask to get the discussion started:

1. What are the most interesting problems you are solving with software?

2. What are the best and worst parts of developing software in your city?

3. What tech stack are you using? What technologies are you most excited
   about working with? What are you moving away from?

4. How does the greater tech scene in your city help or hurt your 
   organizations' work?

5. Do the local and federal governments impact the work you are doing? What
   could government do to help you better solve the problems 
   you are working on, such as rewriting or removing specific regulations?

The conversation usually becomes a free discussion towards the end based
on your interests.

We do not talk about proprietary data. Our discussions are generally on 
the detail level of a tech meetup or a conference presentation.


Who Are You?
------------
I am a developer from Washington, DC. I've been writing on software 
development for about three years on 
`mattmakai.com <http://www.mattmakai.com/>`_ (current) and
`mmakai.com <http://www.mmakai.com/>`_ (moved to mattmakai.com).

I'm hoping my experience as a developer enables me to tell stories from
a unique perspective that a non-technical writer would not be able to provide. 

I also have additional answers on my 
`frequently asked questions <../faq.html>`_ page.

Commit message:

Updating to prospective organizations post.

source/content/posts/130310-prospective-organizations.rst, after:

To Prospective Organizations
============================

:category: post
:slug: to-prospective-organizations
:date: 2013-03-10


You've received an email from me asking if we can meet at your office or 
go out for lunch so that I can tell your story about solving interesting 
problems with software. This post attempts to answer some of the initial 
questions that may immediately come up on your side. 

After reading through this post I am sure you will have further questions. 
When you reach that point please email me with those additional questions at
matthew.makai@gmail.com. I will update this post throughout my trip with 
the most frequently asked questions. 


What is Coding Across America?
------------------------------
Coding Across America is a five month road trip from March until August 2013
to tell stories of people solving interesting problems with software. I am
traveling to thirty cities to meet with people in both large and small 
organizations.


Who Have You Already Met With?
------------------------------
I have met with and written up many organizations in the cities I've visited:

1. `HumanGeo <../human-geo-washington-dc.html>`_ (DC)
2. `WiserTogether <../wisertogether-washington-dc.html>`_ (DC)
3. `Uppidy <../uppidy-washington-dc.html>`_ (DC)
4. `AgilityFeat <../agilityfeat-charlottesville-va.html>`_ (Charlottesville)
5. `WillowTree Apps <../willowtree-apps-charlottesville-va.html>`_
   (Charlottesville)
6. mSchool (New Orleans)
7. 4.0 Schools (New Orleans)
8. Work for Pie (Memphis)
9. Seed Hatchery (Memphis)
10. The Common Desk (Dallas)
11. `The Gravity Center <../gravity-center-dallas-tx.html>`_ (Dallas)
12. Tech Wildcatters (Dallas)
13. Continuum Analytics (Austin)
14. CopperEgg (Austin)
15. Capital Factory (Austin)

Organizations without links are ones I am still working to put up. 
I also write a range of other posts on the general entrepreneurship and 
tech scenes in each city I visit.


Why Participate?
----------------
By holding up individuals and organizations doing amazing work we can
inspire others to take interest in their own communities.
Most of the technology press focuses on innovation happening in 
Silicon Valley, but there are fascinating stories in every city.

For about an hour of your time I can gather enough information and
tell your story. It's good press for your organization and your city, 
especially as this blog gains momentum as I travel through the thirty 
planned destinations.


What Questions Are Asked?
-------------------------
There are several questions I ask to get the discussion started:

1. What are the most interesting problems you are solving with software?

2. What are the best and worst parts of developing software in your city?

3. What tech stack are you using? What technologies are you most excited
   about working with? What are you moving away from?

4. How does the greater tech scene in your city help or hurt your 
   organizations' work?

5. Do the local and federal governments impact the work you are doing? What
   could government do to help you better solve the problems 
   you are working on, such as rewriting or removing specific regulations?

The conversation usually becomes a free discussion towards the end based
on your interests.

We do not talk about proprietary data. Our discussions are generally on 
the detail level of a tech meetup or a conference presentation.

I don't charge for the write ups. I'm self-funded through remote consulting
work and my own savings.


Who Are You?
------------
I am a developer from Washington, DC. I've been writing on software 
development for about three years on 
`mattmakai.com <http://www.mattmakai.com/>`_ (current) and
`mmakai.com <http://www.mmakai.com/>`_ (moved to mattmakai.com).

I'm hoping my experience as a developer enables me to tell stories from
a unique perspective that a non-technical writer would not be able to provide. 

I also have additional answers on my 
`frequently asked questions <../faq.html>`_ page.
