source/content/posts/130322-noew-ideacorps-pitch.rst, before:

NOEW IDEAcorps Pitch Challenge
==============================

:date: 2013-03-22 11:00
:category: post
:slug: noew-ideacorps-pitch-challenge

Eight MBA teams worked with local entrepreneurs during New Orleans 
Entrepreneurship Week. The teams were advised by employees from Google,
Salesforce, Silverline, and Excella Consulting on subjects where they had 
gaps in experience, such as developing software platform roadmaps. Overall 
though it was the teams' extensive work throughout the week that created 
value for the entrepreneurs. This morning was a chance for each of the 
schools to pitch the entrepreneurs' ideas to a panel of judges from 
venture capital firms. 

The schools and the companies they represented, in order they pitched, were:

1. Tulane - eTax Credit Exchange
2. Harvard - Gotointerview.com
3. Columbia - Zlien
4. Cornell - Bissap Breeze
5. Dartmouth - Clothes Line
6. Loyola - Pierce Industries
7. Stanford - Education Everytime
8. Yale - Your Nutrition Delivered

Sara Thomas and Tim Williamson of IdeaVillage provided an introduction.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/tim-williamson.jpg
  :alt: Tim Williamson introducing IdeaPitch

----


Tulane University
-----------------
eTax Credit Exchange is an anonymous online marketplace for buying and selling 
tax credits. The tax credit exchanges can occur both within a single state 
and across multiple states. eTax Credit Exchange hopes to bring liquidity to
the tax credit market which is currently underused by organizations that can
benefit from the credits.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/tulane-etax-credit-exchange.jpg
  :alt: Tulane University pitching eTax Credit Exchange

Tulane University pitching eTax Credit Exchange.

----

The revenue model is based on taking a percentage of each transaction that 
takes place on the platform.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-tulane-team.jpg
  :alt: The Tulane University team.

The Tulane University team.

----


Harvard University
------------------
Gotointerview.com is an online platform with pre-recorded videos of job 
seeking candidates for prospective employers. The Harvard Business School
team posited and tested hypotheses about the pain employers and prospective
employees feel. The team then determined how Gotointerview.com could 
position itself to best solve the problems around hiring hourly employees.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/harvard-gotointerview-com.jpg
  :alt: Harvard University pitching Gotointerview.com

Harvard University pitching Gotointerview.com.

----

The revenue model is based on charging employers a fee when job candidates
are hired. Other revenue streams are being considered as well but would be
based on growth of the platform.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-harvard-team.jpg
  :alt: The Harvard University team.

The Harvard University team.

----


Columbia University
-------------------
Zlien helps construction contractors get paid through mechanics liens through
a simplified online platform. Each state has different regulations for
mechanics liens so Zlien eliminates the necessity for contractors to involve
lawyers in the process.


.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/columbia-zlien.jpg
  :alt: Columbia University pitching Zlien

Columbia University pitching Zlien.

----

The revenue model for Zlien is based on taking a percentage of each 
transaction, similar to how payday loans work.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-columbia-team.jpg
  :alt: The Columbia University team.

The Columbia University team.

----


Cornell University
------------------
Bissap Breeze is a traditional African drink called Hibiscus that Bissap 
produces in the United States to sell locally. The company had early success 
with Whole Foods and Rousses. Unfortunately, Bissap then found itself with 
unsold inventory from premature scaling, which created monthly losses. The 
Cornell team helped stablize Bissap's finances and put in place structure 
for accurate accounting going forward.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/cornell-bissap-breeze.jpg
  :alt: Cornell University pitching Bissap Breeze. 

Cornell University pitching Bissap Breeze.

----

The revenue model for Bissap Breeze is a traditional markup over product 
cost to create a profit. 


.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-cornell-team.jpg
  :alt: Cornell University pitching Bissap Breeze. 

The Cornell University team.

----


Dartmouth 
---------
Clothes Line has a software product for retail trade show product orders.
Currently purchases at retail trade shows is done entirely by paper. The
current process is error prone. The order amounts written can be incorrect.
There can be insufficient product by vendors to fulfill orders. Clothes Line
software creates virtual purchase orders that can be processed more 
efficiently than paper-based purchase orders.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/dartmouth-clothes-line.jpg
  :alt: Dartmouth College pitching Clothes Line.

Dartmouth pitching Clothes Line.

----

The Dartmouth team recommended a rebranding to minimize confusion over the
Clothes Line name. The revenue model is based on charging vendors a 
percentage fee based on each transaction conducted through the software.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-dartmouth-team.jpg
  :alt: Dartmouth team

The Dartmouth team.

----


Loyola University
-----------------
Pierce Industries has a product known as Wave Robber that collects sediment
from waves that can be used to rebuild shorelines. Wave Robber works through
the energy of the waves and does not require an external power source. Many
modular Wave Robbers can be placed and hooked together to cover a large
area of shoreline.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/loyola-pierce-industries.jpg
  :alt: Loyola University pitching Pierce Industries' Wave Robber.

Loyola University pitching Pierce Industries' Wave Robber.

----

The revenue model for the Wave Robber is to sell the product at a profit to
private landowners, state governments, and oil and gas companies that are
major land owners.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-loyola-team.jpg
  :alt: The Loyola University team.

The Loyola University team.

----


Stanford University
-------------------
Education Everytime is a musical system designed to help teachers with 
better engage their students and control their classrooms. The product was
used by the founder to improve his own classroom during his stint at
Teach for America. Education Everytime is now in use in classrooms in New
Orleans to help classroom management and prove the product creates positive
results.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/stanford-education-everytime.jpg
  :alt: Stanford University pitching Education Everytime.

Stanford University pitching Education Everytime.

----

The distribution and sales strategy for Education Everytime is to 
directly target and sell to teachers. The revenue model is to profit from
each sale to teachers for the product. The pricing will be determined based
on a beta program later in fall 2013.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-stanford-team.jpg
  :alt: The Stanford University team.

The Stanford University team.

----


Yale University
---------------
Your Nutrition Delivered is a service for healthy home delivery of meals to 
customers. The founder has a background in nutrition and uses that as a 
differentiator over competing services that are "pseudo-healthy."

The core customers for the business are busy professionals who do not have
time to cook as well as overweight individuals do not have enough knowledge
about what is healthy to lose weight. The core business service is provided
through home delivery and a catering service, instead of vending machines.
The service is positioned as a high-end differentiated service instead of
a low cost model.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/yale-your-nutrition-delivered.jpg
  :alt: Yale University pitching Your Nutrition Delivered

Yale University pitching Your Nutrition Delivered.

----

The revenue model is based on selling a subscription to customers.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-yale-team.jpg
  :alt: The Yale University team.

The Yale University team.

----

All the business school groups did a great job, especially considering 
the tight time constraints. The judges will announce the winning team of the
IdeaPitch competition tonight. I will update this post with the results then.

Commit message:

Updating a noew post and adding a contributor.

source/content/posts/130322-noew-ideacorps-pitch.rst, after:

NOEW IDEAcorps Pitch Challenge
==============================

:date: 2013-03-22 11:00
:category: post
:slug: noew-ideacorps-pitch-challenge

Eight MBA teams worked with local entrepreneurs during New Orleans 
Entrepreneurship Week. The teams were advised by employees from Google,
Salesforce, Silverline, and Excella Consulting on subjects where they had 
gaps in experience, such as developing software platform roadmaps. Overall 
though it was the teams' extensive work throughout the week that created 
value for the entrepreneurs. This morning was a chance for each of the 
schools to pitch the entrepreneurs' ideas to a panel of judges from 
venture capital firms. 

The schools and the companies they represented, in order they pitched, were:

1. Tulane - eTax Credit Exchange
2. Harvard - Gotointerview.com
3. Columbia - Zlien
4. Cornell - Bissap Breeze
5. Dartmouth - Clothes Line
6. Loyola - Pierce Industries
7. Stanford - Education Everytime
8. Yale - Your Nutrition Delivered

Sara Thomas and Tim Williamson of IdeaVillage provided an introduction.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/tim-williamson.jpg
  :alt: Tim Williamson introducing IdeaPitch

----


Tulane University
-----------------
eTax Credit Exchange is an anonymous online marketplace for buying and selling 
tax credits. The tax credit exchanges can occur both within a single state 
and across multiple states. eTax Credit Exchange hopes to bring liquidity to
the tax credit market which is currently underused by organizations that can
benefit from the credits.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/tulane-etax-credit-exchange.jpg
  :alt: Tulane University pitching eTax Credit Exchange

Tulane University pitching eTax Credit Exchange.

----

The revenue model is based on taking a percentage of each transaction that 
takes place on the platform.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-tulane-team.jpg
  :alt: The Tulane University team.

The Tulane University team, from left to right: 
Gustavo Baptista, Kumar Doraijav, Adran Mendez, Heath Gardenhire, 
David Bode, Erynn Bell, Conor Aucoin.

----


Harvard University
------------------
Gotointerview.com is an online platform with pre-recorded videos of job 
seeking candidates for prospective employers. The Harvard Business School
team posited and tested hypotheses about the pain employers and prospective
employees feel. The team then determined how Gotointerview.com could 
position itself to best solve the problems around hiring hourly employees.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/harvard-gotointerview-com.jpg
  :alt: Harvard University pitching Gotointerview.com

Harvard University pitching Gotointerview.com.

----

The revenue model is based on charging employers a fee when job candidates
are hired. Other revenue streams are being considered as well but would be
based on growth of the platform.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-harvard-team.jpg
  :alt: The Harvard University team.

The Harvard University team.

----


Columbia University
-------------------
Zlien helps construction contractors get paid through mechanics liens through
a simplified online platform. Each state has different regulations for
mechanics liens so Zlien eliminates the necessity for contractors to involve
lawyers in the process.


.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/columbia-zlien.jpg
  :alt: Columbia University pitching Zlien

Columbia University pitching Zlien.

----

The revenue model for Zlien is based on taking a percentage of each 
transaction, similar to how payday loans work.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-columbia-team.jpg
  :alt: The Columbia University team.

The Columbia University team.

----


Cornell University
------------------
Bissap Breeze is a traditional African drink called Hibiscus that Bissap 
produces in the United States to sell locally. The company had early success 
with Whole Foods and Rousses. Unfortunately, Bissap then found itself with 
unsold inventory from premature scaling, which created monthly losses. The 
Cornell team helped stablize Bissap's finances and put in place structure 
for accurate accounting going forward.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/cornell-bissap-breeze.jpg
  :alt: Cornell University pitching Bissap Breeze. 

Cornell University pitching Bissap Breeze.

----

The revenue model for Bissap Breeze is a traditional markup over product 
cost to create a profit. 


.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-cornell-team.jpg
  :alt: Cornell University pitching Bissap Breeze. 

The Cornell University team.

----


Dartmouth 
---------
Clothes Line has a software product for retail trade show product orders.
Currently purchases at retail trade shows is done entirely by paper. The
current process is error prone. The order amounts written can be incorrect.
There can be insufficient product by vendors to fulfill orders. Clothes Line
software creates virtual purchase orders that can be processed more 
efficiently than paper-based purchase orders.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/dartmouth-clothes-line.jpg
  :alt: Dartmouth College pitching Clothes Line.

Dartmouth pitching Clothes Line.

----

The Dartmouth team recommended a rebranding to minimize confusion over the
Clothes Line name. The revenue model is based on charging vendors a 
percentage fee based on each transaction conducted through the software.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-dartmouth-team.jpg
  :alt: Dartmouth team

The Dartmouth team.

----


Loyola University
-----------------
Pierce Industries has a product known as Wave Robber that collects sediment
from waves that can be used to rebuild shorelines. Wave Robber works through
the energy of the waves and does not require an external power source. Many
modular Wave Robbers can be placed and hooked together to cover a large
area of shoreline.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/loyola-pierce-industries.jpg
  :alt: Loyola University pitching Pierce Industries' Wave Robber.

Loyola University pitching Pierce Industries' Wave Robber.

----

The revenue model for the Wave Robber is to sell the product at a profit to
private landowners, state governments, and oil and gas companies that are
major land owners.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-loyola-team.jpg
  :alt: The Loyola University team.

The Loyola University team.

----


Stanford University
-------------------
Education Everytime is a musical system designed to help teachers with 
better engage their students and control their classrooms. The product was
used by the founder to improve his own classroom during his stint at
Teach for America. Education Everytime is now in use in classrooms in New
Orleans to help classroom management and prove the product creates positive
results.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/stanford-education-everytime.jpg
  :alt: Stanford University pitching Education Everytime.

Stanford University pitching Education Everytime.

----

The distribution and sales strategy for Education Everytime is to 
directly target and sell to teachers. The revenue model is to profit from
each sale to teachers for the product. The pricing will be determined based
on a beta program later in fall 2013.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-stanford-team.jpg
  :alt: The Stanford University team.

The Stanford University team.

----


Yale University
---------------
Your Nutrition Delivered is a service for healthy home delivery of meals to 
customers. The founder has a background in nutrition and uses that as a 
differentiator over competing services that are "pseudo-healthy."

The core customers for the business are busy professionals who do not have
time to cook as well as overweight individuals do not have enough knowledge
about what is healthy to lose weight. The core business service is provided
through home delivery and a catering service, instead of vending machines.
The service is positioned as a high-end differentiated service instead of
a low cost model.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/yale-your-nutrition-delivered.jpg
  :alt: Yale University pitching Your Nutrition Delivered

Yale University pitching Your Nutrition Delivered.

----

The revenue model is based on selling a subscription to customers.

.. image:: ../img/130322-ideapitch/full-yale-team.jpg
  :alt: The Yale University team.

The Yale University team.

----

All the business school groups did a great job, especially considering 
the tight time constraints. The judges will announce the winning team of the
IdeaPitch competition tonight. The two winning teams were 
`Stanford Graduate School of Business <http://www.gsb.stanford.edu/mba>`_ 
with Education Everytime and 
`Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College <http://www.tuck.dartmouth.edu/mba>`_ 
with The Clothes Line. Congratulations to both teams!
