source/content/posts/130328-willowtree-apps.rst, before:

WillowTree Apps
===============

:date: 2013-03-28 15:05
:slug: willowtree-apps-charlottesville-va
:category: future-post


There are over 
`775,000 apps in Apple's iOS store <http://ipod.about.com/od/iphonesoftwareterms/qt/apps-in-app-store.htm>`_ 
and slightly more apps than that for Android in the Google Play store. 

If you want to build a mobile app, why would you pay a development team 
significant money to create it? Surely you can hire a smart teenager down 
the block to "build it for a few hundred bucks," right?

Or maybe you can build the app yourself. How hard can mobile app development 
be when there are ways to create
`apps without coding <http://blog.laptopmag.com/ios-android-app-without-coding-appmachine>`_?

You get what you pay for. Even getting what you paid for can be in question 
when it involves new technology.

WillowTree Apps
---------------

.. image:: ../img/130328-willowtree-apps/willowtree-apps-logo.png
  :alt: WillowTree Apps logo

----

During our office conversation and over lunch it became apparent to me: these 
guys are passionate about iOS and Android development like I'm passionate
about Python development. And they have a team with design skills to boot.

Commit message:

Removing post that I did not mean to publish.

source/content/posts/130328-willowtree-apps.rst, after:

WillowTree Apps
===============

:date: 2013-03-28 15:05
:slug: willowtree-apps-charlottesville-va
:category: future-post


There are over 
`775,000 apps in Apple's iOS store <http://ipod.about.com/od/iphonesoftwareterms/qt/apps-in-app-store.htm>`_ 
and slightly more apps than that for Android in the Google Play store. 

If you want to build a mobile app, why would you pay a development team 
significant money to create it? Surely you can hire a smart teenager down 
the block to "build it for a few hundred bucks," right?

Or maybe you can build the app yourself. How hard can mobile app development 
be when there are ways to create
`apps without coding <http://blog.laptopmag.com/ios-android-app-without-coding-appmachine>`_?

You get what you pay for. Even getting what you paid for can be in question 
when it involves software development. If you need a critical mobile app 
done right the first time, you get in touch with a firm that specializes in
mobile app development.

WillowTree Apps
---------------

.. image:: ../img/130328-willowtree-apps/willowtree-apps-logo.png
  :alt: WillowTree Apps logo

----

During our office conversation and over lunch it became apparent to me: these 
guys are passionate about iOS and Android development like I'm passionate
about Python development. And they have a team with design skills to boot.

Software Development in Charlottesville
---------------------------------------

.. image:: ../img/130328-willowtree-apps/willowtree-apps-office.jpg
  :alt: WillowTree Apps' office

----

Recruiting software developers in Charlottesville can be difficult because
it is not a major metropolitan area. Washington, DC is the closest major
city and Richmond, Virginia is about an hour away.
