source/content/posts/130327-mempy.rst, before:

MemPy
=====

:category: post
:date: 2013-03-27 12:05
:slug: memphis-mempy-talk

On Monday night I gave a talk on 
`Git and Github workflows <http://www.mattmakai.com/static/presentations/memphis-python-github-workflows.html>`_
to 
`Memphis Python <http://mempy.org/march-25-2013.html>`_. 
The venue, the Fedex Institute of Technology, at University of Memphis was
great. The turnout was fantastic with about 35 developers. I was pretty 
happy with how the talk went.

.. image:: ../img/130327-mempy/github-individual-repos.jpg
  :alt: A slide from my talk on Git repositories
  :target: http://www.mattmakai.com/static/presentations/memphis-python-github-workflows.html#slide-20

A slide from my talk on one possible arrangement for multiple Git repositories
with a single canonical organization repository. 

----

Thank you to `Brad Montgomery <https://twitter.com/bkmontgomery>`_ for
getting everything arranged months in advance,
`Douglas Starnes <https://twitter.com/poweredbyaltnet>`_ for the
introduction, and the Memphis Python community for having me in town!

I will post pictures from the event as soon as I get them from Douglas.

Commit message:

Updating with some pictures from MemPy.

source/content/posts/130327-mempy.rst, after:

MemPy
=====

:category: post
:date: 2013-03-27 12:05
:slug: memphis-mempy-talk

On Monday night I gave a talk on 
`Git and Github workflows <http://www.mattmakai.com/static/presentations/memphis-python-github-workflows.html>`_
to 
`Memphis Python <http://mempy.org/march-25-2013.html>`_. 
The venue, the Fedex Institute of Technology, at University of Memphis was
great. The turnout was fantastic with about 35 developers. I was pretty 
happy with how the talk went.

.. image:: ../img/130327-mempy/github-individual-repos.jpg
  :alt: A slide from my talk on Git repositories
  :target: http://www.mattmakai.com/static/presentations/memphis-python-github-workflows.html#slide-20

A slide from my talk on one possible arrangement for multiple Git repositories
with a single canonical organization repository. 

----

Thank you to `Brad Montgomery <https://twitter.com/bkmontgomery>`_ for
getting everything arranged months in advance,
`Douglas Starnes <https://twitter.com/poweredbyaltnet>`_ for the
introduction, and the Memphis Python community for having me in town!

Here are a few pictures from the event, thanks for taking them Douglas!

.. image:: ../img/130327-mempy/matt-makai-mempy-talk.jpg
  :alt: Picture of Matt Makai setting up for MemPy talk

Setting up for my talk. I promise I don't always look this serious.

----


.. image:: ../img/130327-mempy/matt-makai-mempy-talk-2.jpg
  :alt: Picture of Matt Makai during MemPy talk

----

.. image:: ../img/130327-mempy/matt-makai-mempy-audience.jpg
  :alt: Snapshot of the crowd from MemPy March meetup
