source/content/posts/130418-misto-box.rst, before:

MistoBox
========

:date: 2013-04-18 12:05 
:slug: misto-box-phoenix-az
:post_type: startup
:category: post
:author: Matt Makai

MistoBox is a curated coffee delivery subscription service based in Phoenix,
Arizona.


.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/misto-box-logo.jpg
  :alt: MistoBox logo on an item in their office
  :width: 100%

----

MistoBox started as a University of Arizona Entrepreneurship Program project 
during the founders' senior years. The founders, Samantha Meis and Connor
Riley, launched a successful 
`Kickstarter project <http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mistobox/mistobox-delivering-delicious-micro-roasted-coffee>`_ 
in 2012 to obtain the initial funding for their business. Upon 
graduation, Samantha and Connor had to make a decision whether to get 
plain old jobs or continue building their business. 

Sam and Connor fortunately chose to carry MistoBox forward. In fact, they
just hired their first employee.


.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/misto-box-founders.jpg
  :alt: MistoBox's founders, Samantha Meis and Connor Riley
  :width: 100%

Connor and Samantha hard at work.

----

MistoBox works out of the "warehouse district" area of downtown Phoenix.
Their offices are right next to another Phoenix startup, 
`WebPT <http://www.webpt.com/>`_, and a short walk from the DiamondBacks 
stadium.


.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/warehouse-entrance.jpg
  :alt: Entrance to the renovated warehouse where MistoBox currently works
  :width: 100%

The entrance to the renovated warehouse where MistoBox currently works.

----

.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/warehouse.jpg
  :alt: Interior of one of the warehouses
  :width: 100%

Interior of one of the warehouses.

----

Samantha gave a quick introduction to MistoBox on the final morning of
the Startup America Regional Summit. Everyone in the room was impressed
by what Samantha and Connor have already accomplished. It's hard not to
cheer for these guys. They are a great part of the small but thriving 
entrepreneurial culture in Phoenix.


.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/sam-connor-startup-america-summit.jpg
   :alt: Samantha speaking during Startup America Regional Summit breakfast.
   :width: 100%

Samantha speaking at the Startup America Regional Summit breakfast.

----


For more information about `MistoBox <http://www.mistobox.com/>`_, check
out these articles on
`TechCrunch <http://techcrunch.com/2012/09/03/mistobox-wants-to-boost-your-morning-cup-of-joe-with-the-birchbox-of-coffee/>`_
and 
`Lifehacker <http://lifehacker.com/5940919/mistobox-delivers-freshly-roasted-artisan-coffee-samplers-to-you-every-month>`_ 
about them. And if you're a software developer in Phoenix, 
`get in touch <http://www.mistobox.com/Articles.asp?ID=265>`_ 
with Samantha and Connor because they would greatly apprecaite technical 
advice as they continue to grow their business.

Commit message:

updating post on MistoBox to include Shark Tank appearance

source/content/posts/130418-misto-box.rst, after:

MistoBox
========

:date: 2013-04-18 12:05 
:slug: misto-box-phoenix-az
:post_type: startup
:category: post
:author: Matt Makai

MistoBox is a curated coffee delivery subscription service based in Phoenix,
Arizona.


.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/misto-box-logo.jpg
  :alt: MistoBox logo on an item in their office
  :width: 100%

----

MistoBox started as a University of Arizona Entrepreneurship Program project 
during the founders' senior years. The founders, Samantha Meis and Connor
Riley, launched a successful 
`Kickstarter project <http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mistobox/mistobox-delivering-delicious-micro-roasted-coffee>`_ 
in 2012 to obtain the initial funding for their business. Upon 
graduation, Samantha and Connor had to make a decision whether to get 
plain old jobs or continue building their business. 

Sam and Connor fortunately chose to carry MistoBox forward. In fact, they
just hired their first employee.


.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/misto-box-founders.jpg
  :alt: MistoBox's founders, Samantha Meis and Connor Riley
  :width: 100%

Connor and Samantha hard at work.

----

MistoBox works out of the "warehouse district" area of downtown Phoenix.
Their offices are right next to another Phoenix startup, 
`WebPT <http://www.webpt.com/>`_, and a short walk from the DiamondBacks 
stadium.


.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/warehouse-entrance.jpg
  :alt: Entrance to the renovated warehouse where MistoBox currently works
  :width: 100%

The entrance to the renovated warehouse where MistoBox currently works.

----

.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/warehouse.jpg
  :alt: Interior of one of the warehouses
  :width: 100%

Interior of one of the warehouses.

----

Samantha gave a quick introduction to MistoBox on the final morning of
the Startup America Regional Summit. Everyone in the room was impressed
by what Samantha and Connor have already accomplished. It's hard not to
cheer for these guys. They are a great part of the small but thriving 
entrepreneurial culture in Phoenix.


.. image:: ../img/130418-misto-box-phoenix-az/sam-connor-startup-america-summit.jpg
   :alt: Samantha speaking during Startup America Regional Summit breakfast.
   :width: 100%

Samantha speaking at the Startup America Regional Summit breakfast.

----


For more information about `MistoBox <http://www.mistobox.com/>`_, check
out these articles on
`TechCrunch <http://techcrunch.com/2012/09/03/mistobox-wants-to-boost-your-morning-cup-of-joe-with-the-birchbox-of-coffee/>`_
and 
`Lifehacker <http://lifehacker.com/5940919/mistobox-delivers-freshly-roasted-artisan-coffee-samplers-to-you-every-month>`_ 
about them. MistoBox was also recently on 
`Shark Tank <http://abc.go.com/shows/shark-tank/episode-guide/episode-423>`_ 
and received a $75,000 investment from Mark Cuban. 
Also if you're a software developer in Phoenix, 
`get in touch <http://www.mistobox.com/Articles.asp?ID=265>`_ 
with Samantha and Connor because they would greatly apprecaite technical 
advice as they continue to grow their business.
