source/content/posts/130731-django-boston-staying-sane.rst, before:

Django Boston Talk
==================

:slug: django-boston-talk
:date: 2013-07-31
:category: post
:author: Matt Makai

I was fortunate enough to be able to give a technical talk at 
`Django Boston <http://www.meetup.com/djangoboston/events/100266532/>`_ 
on Wednesday evening. The presentation was created in 
`reveal.js <http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/>`_, an HTML5 and JavaScript 
framework. Here are some pictures from the event as well as links to the 
video of the presentation and associated slides. 

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/akamai.jpg
  :alt: Akamai office entrance.

Akamai office entrance where the talk was held. Nice venue!

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/django-boston.jpg
  :alt: Django Boston presentation slides projected on the screen.

Title slide of my Django Boston presentation on how to take over an existing
Django project codebase.

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/talk-2.jpg
  :alt: Matt Makai talking about Django project structures.

Here I'm discussing the project structure variations between 1.3, 1.4+, and 
customized projects.

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/talk.jpg
  :alt: Matt Makai talking Django projects.

Awkward shot... I must talk with my hands a lot.

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/t-shirt.jpg
  :alt: Django Boston t-shirt.

Thanks for the speaker t-shirt guys!

----


There is a `video of the talk <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psCVC9BdgsA>`_.
`These are the talk slides <http://www.mattmakai.com/static/presentations/django-boston-july-2013.html>`_ 
and the 
`source code is on Github <https://github.com/makaimc/mattmakai.github.com/blob/gh-pages/source/static-html/presentations/django-boston-july-2013.html>`_.
Thanks again for having me Django Boston and being a part of my Coding Across
America project!

Commit message:

Updating with another sentence on django boston talk.

source/content/posts/130731-django-boston-staying-sane.rst, after:

Django Boston Talk
==================

:slug: django-boston-talk
:date: 2013-07-31
:category: post
:author: Matt Makai

I was fortunate enough to be able to give a technical talk at 
`Django Boston <http://www.meetup.com/djangoboston/events/100266532/>`_ 
on Wednesday evening. The presentation was created in 
`reveal.js <http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/>`_, an HTML5 and JavaScript 
framework. Here are some pictures from the event as well as links to the 
video of the presentation and associated slides.

This talk is based on a blog post I published which provides 
`a checklist for evaluating existing Django projects <http://www.mattmakai.com/django-project-checklist.html>`_.

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/akamai.jpg
  :alt: Akamai office entrance.

Akamai office entrance where the talk was held. Nice venue!

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/django-boston.jpg
  :alt: Django Boston presentation slides projected on the screen.

Title slide of my Django Boston presentation on how to take over an existing
Django project codebase.

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/talk-2.jpg
  :alt: Matt Makai talking about Django project structures.

Here I'm discussing the project structure variations between 1.3, 1.4+, and 
customized projects.

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/talk.jpg
  :alt: Matt Makai talking Django projects.

Awkward shot... I must talk with my hands a lot.

----


.. image:: ../img/130731-django-boston-talk/t-shirt.jpg
  :alt: Django Boston t-shirt.

Thanks for the speaker t-shirt guys!

----


There is a `video of the talk <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psCVC9BdgsA>`_.
`These are the talk slides <http://www.mattmakai.com/static/presentations/django-boston-july-2013.html>`_ 
and the 
`source code is on Github <https://github.com/makaimc/mattmakai.github.com/blob/gh-pages/source/static-html/presentations/django-boston-july-2013.html>`_.
Thanks again for having me Django Boston and being a part of my Coding Across
America project!
